README.md, before:

### TODO :
1. Clean the css

## CharacterSelectionApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Port Selector.
2. Dynamic color change based on port selected.
3. Character Veto
4. Can't pick the same character in multiple fields.
5. Add specific lists for each roles.

### Bugs:
//
### ToChange :
- Clean the code, and give props better names.
- Change slide animation from % to vh

## BoardSelectionApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Caption the stages.

### Bugs:
// had a bug where i had 2 custom stages but couldnt replicate it (remember that react doesnt detect change to nested arrays).
### ToChange :
1. Need to do a second path and clean the code.
- Need to useState stages instead of mutating the original array
2. The code for boarddisplay is really disgusting i'm sorry.
3. structured clone might not work when i port this to electron.
- Change slide animation from % to vh

## GameApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Ask gu to explain gecko codes to me.
2. build a functionnal gecko code generator.
3. learn electron.js
4. make electron.js launch dolphin with the generated gecko code on capture.


### Bugs:

### ToChange :
1. Un-hardcode the css for the playgrounddisplay.

### Priority
1. Paye une pinte à Gu

Commit message:

fixed a bug where queens, bishops & rooks could go through enemy pieces

README.md, after:

### TODO :
1. Clean the css

## CharacterSelectionApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Port Selector.
2. Dynamic color change based on port selected.
3. Character Veto
4. Can't pick the same character in multiple fields.
5. Add specific lists for each roles.

### Bugs:
//
### ToChange :
- Clean the code, and give props better names.
- Change slide animation from % to vh

## BoardSelectionApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Caption the stages.

### Bugs:
// had a bug where i had 2 custom stages but couldnt replicate it (remember that react doesnt detect changes to nested arrays).
### ToChange :
1. Need to do a second path and clean the code.
- Need to useState stages instead of mutating the original array
2. The code for boarddisplay is really disgusting i'm sorry.
3. structured clone might not work when i port this to electron.
- Change slide animation from % to vh

## GameApp : 

### Features to add :
1. Ask gu to explain gecko codes to me.
2. build a functionnal gecko code generator.
3. learn electron.js
4. make electron.js launch dolphin with the generated gecko code on capture.


### Bugs:
Rooks and probably bishops & queens also can move through pieces if they arent on their team.

### ToChange :
1. Un-hardcode the css for the playgrounddisplay.

### Priority
1. Paye une pinte à Gu
